Eeeyah ha ha ha ha! I am the great Cackletta's most best pupil, who is named Fawful! I am here, laughing at you! - Fawful's first words when confronting Mario, Bowser, and Luigi on the bridge of the Koopa Cruiser
If you are giving us the chase just to get your silly princess's voice, then you are idiots of foolishness!
Princess Peach's sweet voice will soon be the bread that makes the sandwich of Cackletta's desires!
And this battle shall be the delicious mustard on that bread! The mustard of your doom!
Eeeyah ha ha ha ha!
Next it is the turn of you!
Fink-rat!!!
Fink-rat!!!
Such mumbling! Stop it...
Fink-rat!
Have you readiness for this?!?
Have you readiness for this?!?
Ooof!
Now is when I ram you!
Ooof!
Uhnnrgh... How could fink-rats like you beat such an awful nasty as me?
Headgear!
I have fury!
Bah! Now is when the talking stops! I do not have time to stop and smell foul roses such as you!
One fell swoop is the way I will deal with you fink-rats!
Eeeyah ha ha ha ha!
Nnrrgh-GACK!
Y-You again! You are the pair of fink rats that swooped in with the Bowser that I hate!
Hmph! HMPH, I say to you! While I was busy with Peasley, you have been catching me!
I have fury!
But Cackletta has already been smearing the butter of her next tasty plan all over Beanbean Castle!
Since you two cannot make it in time, I say to you that it is better never than late...
So here is your halting place!!!
I have fury!
Since you will not be shattering this stone, I laugh at you trying to climb down this mountain!
Cackletta! It is the hurrying time! We must take that Beanstar and fastly run away from this place!
Once we awaken the Beanstar with Princess Peach's voice, this world will be Cackletta's snack cake!
Preparations have completion!
O Great Cackletta, unleash the voice of Princess Peach on the Beanstar when you are wanting to!
I have fright! A situation we had not suspected has begun to d-d-d-develop! May we flee?
CACKLETTA! Do not have worries!
Watch! I am sucking up your energy with this headgear!
O... G-Great... Ca-Cackletta...
W-Will this guy...do?
Cackletta's power has poured into the Koopa who is king!!!
The body is of the Bowser, but the mind is all of the Great Cackletta!
I have fury! At last, my entrance with drama! Finally! Now is the time where my true might shines, like many angry sunbeams of rage! St-standing in the spotlight at such a gala of spectacularity... My nerves are nervous! But... Now that I am thinking... Cackletta's revival was all thanks to my quite nasty efforts! Which means that all this time, I am Fawful, who is just a toady! Such working, all for others! And THAT means... The true meaning of our battle gives me fear and confusion!! I need no long speech before this battle, which will now be mighty! Snack on my wrath, fink-rats!
Hah! Now taste the finale, when carelessness opens the door to a comeback not expected by you! Your lives that I spit on are now but a caricature of a cartoon drawn by a kid who is stupid! You shall all fall and vanish with your precious Beanbean Kingdom as I laugh heartily at you!
O Great Bowletta! The Mario Bros. who I hate are coming this way!
Yes...Moustache...
At last, my entrance with drama!
Stop it...such mumbling...
In the last moments of the finale of the finale, when relief leads to negligence that begets rashness... That is when the comeback that faltered comes back and beats your pathetic comeback that I scoff at!
I HAVE FURY!
Now is the time of telling me whose underling you are!
Stupid flag-headed Goomba...My spray of brilliance is not having the effects on him...Who needs Goombas with flags of foolishness anyway?!
Hah! Laughings and jubilations! Your leader is mine for the taking away! I will work him until his bones become dust and the dust has grown mold!
I have no need for stupid mushroom faces with stupid eyebrows!
Now I have hurrying to the castle to retrieve the Beanstar!
Hah and hah again! It is my having of luck that caused our meeting here! The Koopalings seven! It is I who am king of you now! Now! Have the saying of my name!
HAH! I had knowings that the Koopalings would not go down so easily...Now is the happening of Plan B!! Time for max-strength spray! Your brains will be washed with 99.9% effectiveness!
It is a thing of amazement! So, Koopalings seven...How are you finding my spray of delicious wickedness?
Ah! The ringins of that sound are as sweet as particularly sticky treats! But that Goomba...I am wanting to wash his brain even more than the Koopalings! I suppose I will have forgettings of him for the time that is now...
I have boredom...
Guests? Now I have... FURY!
I say to you WELCOME! Welcome to Fawful's Bean 'n' Badge!
In this place, beans are like precious treasure milked from a famous cow made of jewels!
All who come with beans leave with badges so rare they make mustaches droop with disbelief!
What? The story of Fawful? Your words are not beans. I am not wanting them.
You are like brainless cats that are too dumb to know they are stupid! You have curiosity... ...But my tale is long, so long it makes babies old and hairy lips grow grey with aging. Do you dare hear?
I am here, merchant of badges, only sometimes with fury, but I once had fury at all times.
I drizzled rage dressing on the country next door. Rage dressing on a salad of evil!
And then the bad men came. Red and Green bad men. I had the punishment. Bad punishment with hammers and jumping on my head and the overheat of my ship.
I have a little fury even with my remembering... Red! And green! A pair of jumping hammers in red and green who are looking like you!
Those brothers of badness! My brain aches at their overalls! I have fury AND headache now!
Fawful would be here, reigning over all and laughing at you! ...But no.
SO MUCH FURY!
Stupid mustaches! Hairs like the dirty tail of a horse in a barn built by a farmer who is crazy!
...I have calm.
I am waiting like an elevator.
I have the commerce. I run Fawful's Bean 'n' Badge, but...
The day comes soon when Fawful rises again, and then no baby's candy has safety!
I am counting chickens before they are even eggs, before the chickens are even chickens!
I WILL! HAVE! FURY!
I LAUGH AT DEFEAT!
I FIGHT WITH RAGE!
I HURT YOUR FACES!
D-Did I...Have insanity? Did I...have evil?
I suppress the fury, but sometimes... The fury has me.
Red and green puts the fog of rage in my eyes, and my mind goes crazy.
P-Please... I will be fine. No worrying for Fawful. We talk of beans.
Beans and badges... We begin trading!
The beans hide in the dirts of this country like dirt-fish who like to eat dirt for dinner. Bean symbols like this are marking all bean spots.
You are digging in dirt, right? You are digging under symbols. And you are finding much bean!
Bean symbols have sneakiness! When the beans are gone, the symbols flee like babies!
You are wanting much beans? Then you are hunting symbols. And digging and popping.
There are even places to win beans in games, maybe...
If you get many beans, you get many badges at this place, Fawful's Bean 'n' Badge!
I HAVE FURY!
A WINNER IS YOU!
JACKPOTTING!
The customer has luck!
And with luckiness comes a tasty Lucky Shroom!
Do not have worries for details! No, do not have the worries!
Have the wonderful Lucky Shroom of tastiness instead!
Scoff this down and your luck will power up to super luck!
Luck enough to beat Mario!
I say to you YES!
With every attack, lucky hits will shower in a happy waterfall!
You will have such fury!
Your strongest enemies will fold like napkins who are crying!
Oh, yes, of course! ENJOY THE EATING!
Such easiness! So easy it gives me the gleeful chortles!
I have such strategy! And now for the leaving.
You are having a date with Peach's Castle!
I HAVE VICTORY! Easy as bread sandwiches!
And now for the proceeding with the plan I have planned!
Midbus! Come!
Fawful calls you!
What is your surprise face? Was there forgetting about me?
You are the one who is correct! Wasn't it full of delicious?!
Such a special treat called a Vacuum Shroom!
I, Fawful, invented it to make you inhale everything you see!
And I, Fawful, am betting that you remember nothing.
You inhaled like a hungry syrup pig at the free pancake buffet.
And then you had the napping. And then I put you in the cave!
Beef? I am lacking in beef. Fawful is beefless.
But I am having a goal!
Mushroom Kingdom...
WILL BE MINE!!!
All of Mushroom Kingdom spread for Fawful like power brunch!
First, the appetizer of making Toads round with blorbs!
Then, the side order of using Vacuum-Shroomed Bowser!
Fawful is gorging on his plan of win! And still he has hunger!
No hunger for nuts. Just to conquer Mushroom Kingdom...
First, the emptying of the castle of Peach!
AND THEN!
Andthenandthenandthenandthenandthen!
The castle of Bowser for me!
I will be powering it up into the castle of Fawful!
Hmm... We will be seeing...
Anyway, I thought you would be sleeping long, like a lazy bear.
And I am thinking you should be sleeping more!
COME! MIDBUS!
I HAVE BATTLE!
Midbus!
He is having a big punch!
Midbus! Have readiness!
The longer he is holding back his punch, the bigger the hurting to your face!
If you are snacking on a punch held to the very last second...
I have the brain pain just with the thinking of it!
BADNESS!
If you are holding back your punch to the last second by pressing X Button, that is BADNESS!
The worst kind of bad badness! Do not have naughtiness and press X Button at that timing!
Built-up power punching is very full of naughty badness, yes...
But building up too much power and failing, that is full of yum...
Punches built up to the last second are full of the risk.
Midbus! Now is the time for striking!
NAUGHTY!
That is danger! Do not press X Button!
That punch is like a danger sandwich...
Not tasty, Bowser... You are the handful.
But my Midbus eats danger sandwiches like they were fun hoagies!
Midbus! Action time! Destroy him and we go to home!
I HAVE CHORTLES!
It is I who added the nuts to that statue!
I HAVE CHORTLES!
Your plan that I laugh at now makes for more laughing! You are wanting your castle?
You are not getting there!
You have the impatience... You must stop and sample the sprinklies in life's salad bar.
I say no to your rushing! Time instead for some playing with a Fawfulized statue!
I have the weeping! Such a reunion of sobs!
You have moved Fawful with the family drama.
But now I have chortle time! Fawful scattered your minions like litter from a sad, ugly cat.
Do you want to hear them? For they are on the TV show. The TV show of your tears!
I HAVE CHORTLES! And soon, I have your castle! Fawful will love it there!
You will visit, perhaps! Fawful will reserve the Crying Room for the crying of your minions.
And the crying will be a like a savory soda for my soul!
NOW I HAVE FURY!
Some fighting will be slowing you!
I HAVE FAWFUL!
Excited crowd! You feel it?
Fawful is also feeling it!
I am needing to feel it even more, though!
MORE!
MOOORE!
Oh, I am feeling the power! It high-fives Fawful's face!
And now I will use that power to call our most special guest, who you will be cheering!
Today's special guest...
The famous KOOPA KING!
BOWSER!
I HAVE CHORTLES!
It is an entrance of amazement! Like only a special guest does!
Now a Midbus battle will unfold like an angry dip of many layers on the chips of wildest hopes!
I HAVE CHORTLES!
COME! MIDBUS!
It is the time! The Heavyweight Cage War of All Destruction!
Midbus! Crush this spiky snack, and we will have more chortles!
And the winning is for...
BOWSERRRR!
Such a fight of fury!
Oh, Fawful is leaving!
But first!
You had victory! Now the celebrate!
Yes, at the magic feast of honor!
COME! BOOS!
His belly cries out for the magic feast of honor!
All who resist will be beat like naughty little eggs!
I have chortles at such stupidity!
Fawful is sitting on the cozy couch, sipping tea that laughs at you!
You keep appearing like an ugly rabbit out of a hat of a magician who stinks!
Fawful sings a song of bad!♪ The Mushroom Kingdom is so sad!♪ All of it is for Fawful!♪ And the...rhyme...with that!♪
Darkness! So very darkness!
I HAVE SUCTION!
Fawfully-doo!♪ Where are you?!♪ Dark Star, needing you!♪ Dark power, yoo-hoo!♪ WHERE TO FIND YOU...♪
You have gotten in Fawful's way at each of the turns... Just like the red and green mustaches who I hate...
I am Lord Fawful! I am ruling the world!
Fawful only has half the power, but I am thinking it is enough to KO you, the king of stupid!
Fawful says farewell to your finkrat faces forever!
Bowser! Meet... FURY OF FAWFUL!
So, the tears are falling! But not on the face of Fawful!
Why... The failing...
You...mustaches...with...why...fury...whenever... Fawful...just wanted...some kingdom conquering... Fawful tried... Fawful gave the 110 percents... Fawful worked the overtime... Fawful was the team player... Fawful put in the hours... Fawful got the hands dirty... But every time... Always... The mustaches...arrive... Always in Fawful's way... Alwaysalwaysalways...
I have remorse... Fawful understands... Fawful gives up... Fawful will disappear with no troubles...
Here Fawful goes, the disappearing..forever disappearing... WITH YOU!
Oh, breakfast boy is having the cravings again! He is simple like butter sandwich.
Great news I am hearing! And you will join me in the completion of this plan to its utmost completing!
Now where are the loud and muscle-having ones?
Dieter! Beef! Kaley!
Come and share in the chortles with Fawful!
Leave the capturing of Bowser to us!
Yes! Fawful's wishes are the gold coins in your tattered thrift-store pants!
You must never be forgetting about them!
